Welcome
greet them lose it and then this is a
series of videos on how to make money
with applications
they are in the totally legal play store
to compare
good to exchange them
how are you
of playstation
of prescription
but this way
well obviously at 2 to canada
digitally they will send you a code
like the one back here
I do not know if I got to see it
these codes are already used
you can see them, I 'm sorry
and if they work well congratulations
well let's go there the first one is going to be and
one equal
As you can see I have 12 dollars with good
already reaching point 50
this application pays you for everything
download games
to download
wal papers or wallpapers
to watch videos by dale like to
facebook pages
guy invites the classmates
I'm in is no longer why ya ya I
used all
I downloaded everything here just download
the applications
and those used for 30 seconds
already then
come take out updates
to see if it is updated alone
and you will have your money paid
so you can change it so
you can change by calling cards are from
5 dollars 10 15 20 50
for games
for example this devil that costs 60
it's very expensive
But then, if they count it
all right
for $ 20 cards from the
playstation to see how it is
as they see me it cost me good this me
it cost 286
but you can get them for free
and that's what everyone is looking for here
ex bots
Thank you
this is three months
micro
micro points or something like that I do not know how
they call itunes cards
Well, they want
download music
not free because if you are going to pay
and they will feel good with you
same
and they're going to help the singer who
like and that to follow
for what I recommend is that later
then this have been registered go to
like your pages here
good but I can not anymore
and I gave him and they indirectly give me a dollar
to like two pages
If you want to see here, I'll check them
setting can see for example here is
the one that I invite
here is the history of how you have
won your
all the points are called credits
for giving line for spamming me
it does not look good for list says a dollar
here is
the people who invite for example there are
several level 1 levels that will be 0.25
and so
the friend who invites the friend to invite
the friend and that
that's why there are three levels
I did not invite anyone but yes
put me a code for
to have there
and you win also give them
it seems to me who
0 50
025 Pakistan
invite bones says guest code a
0.25
here we both earn 0.25 I think to me
they give me 0.50 I really do not know
Yes look
if you invite someone you will win
0.50 is invited to earn 0.25
this application is very good
it has been proven that it pays
When I put my first five together, I 'm going to
make a video of when you exchange it in
amazon
what I'm going to get
it will be favorite
Well, that's all
OK